Added configuration option STACK_TRACE_LIMIT (#995)
elastic/apm-agent-php: docs/configuration.asciidoc

For example: `10ms`.
This option's default unit is `ms`, so `5` is interpreted as `5ms`.

[float]
[[config-stack-trace-limit]]
==== `stack_trace_limit`

[options="header"]
|============
| Environment variable name      | Option name in `php.ini`
| `ELASTIC_APM_STACK_TRACE_LIMIT` | `elastic_apm.stack_trace_limit`
|============

[options="header"]
|============
| Default    | Type
| `50`       | Integer
|============

This option controls how many frames are included in stack traces captured by the agent.

> 
> If the value is
> 
> - any positive integer - the value is be used as the maximum number of frames
> - `0` - it disables stack trace capture
> - any negative integer - it instructs the agent to capture all the frames

Reviewer: ```suggestion

Set this config to:

- any positive integer - to define the maximum number of frames included in stack traces
- `0` - to disable stack trace capturing
- any negative integer - to capture all frames
```
